ot of sites are available on the internet to watch movies online without downloading. Which are the best? Today we are listing the best in 2015. Here we go.

1. YouTube Movies

YouTube movies is a special channel on YouTube that streams full length movies in good quality. The link will be redirected you to  specific country. If you are from US, you will be redirected to US channel and if you are from UK you will be redirected to there.

2. IGLO Movies

IGLO Movies comes 2nd on our list. Like most of other similar service sites IGLO doesn’t runs advertisement placed on any of the site. You can find the latest most popular movie titles on site.

SEE ALSO: Best Sites to Download Full Movies for Free

3. Crackle

Crackle is one of the best sites available to watch full length movies without downloading. Crackle handpicks the best, most compelling selection of full-length Hollywood movies, TV shows for their visitors.

4. Movie Web

Movie Web is one of the first movie websites, online since 1995. On Movie Web you can latest news and information on casting and development, release dates, trailers, interviews and clips, full movies etc.

5. Snagfilms

SnagFilms has over 5,000 movies, TV show episodes, eye-opening documentaries and exclusive original comedy shorts on their library.

6. Yidio

As a free service, users can easily search & discover over 1 million TV Shows and Movies across hundreds of premium free and paid content services like Netflix, Hulu & Amazon.

7. Hulu

Hulu is an American online company and ad-supported online video service that offers a selection of TV shows, clips, movies, and more on the free Hulu.com currently only available USA, UK and Canada.

8. Wolowtube

On wolowtube you can find more then 30,000 Film titles, and most of them can be watched on more then one stream. Wolowtube try to have only high quality or HD streams, when ever it is possible means you can watch movies is good definition.

9. Popcornflix

PopcornFlix allows you to watch TV Shows, Movies online without downloading. No movie is more than two clicks away and they are all free and available in high quality.

10. MovieTube

The movies embed on MovieTube is are hosted in YouTube.com, Dailymotion.com, vk.com etc. But using MovieTube you can easily find your favorite movies easily in one place.

11. Viewster

Viewster comes next on our list. Its really easy to watch movies with Viewster. Viewster offer a catalog of free series and movies that are hard to find anywhere else, no registration required to watch movies.

12. Veoh

Veoh is now part of Qlipso, a social content sharing company. Veoh is a great site there you can watch quality movies online. Veoh is a YouTube like service, there you can upload your videos with no uploading limitations or file size.
